[DOCS] Updating snapshot/restore pages to align with API changes (#59730)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/snapshot-restore/delete-snapshot.asciidoc

[[delete-snapshots]]
== Delete a snapshot

> ++++
> <titleabbrev>Delete snapshot</titleabbrev>
> ++++

Reviewer: I'd remove the title abbrev. Other pages in this section don't use them.
```suggestion
```

////
[source,console]
-----------------------------------
PUT /_snapshot/my_backup
{
  "type": "fs",
  "settings": {
    "location": "my_backup_location"
  }
}

PUT /_snapshot/my_backup/snapshot_1?wait_for_completion=true

PUT /_snapshot/my_backup/snapshot_2?wait_for_completion=true

PUT /_snapshot/my_backup/snapshot_3?wait_for_completion=true
-----------------------------------
// TESTSETUP

////

> Use the <<delete-snapshot-api,Delete snapshot API>> to delete a snapshot

Reviewer: We don't capitalize API names unless they contain a proper noun.
```suggestion
Use the <<delete-snapshot-api,delete snapshot API>> to delete a snapshot
```

from the repository:

[source,console]

> -----------------------------------
> DELETE /_snapshot/my_backup/snapshot_1
> -----------------------------------

Reviewer: I don't think the longer delimiters here help. I keep it to the minimum, which is four.
```suggestion
----
DELETE /_snapshot/my_backup/snapshot_1
----
```

> When a snapshot is deleted from a repository, {es} deletes all files that are associated with the deleted
> snapshot and not used by any other snapshots. If the delete snapshot operation is started while the snapshot is being

Reviewer: I'd break the para here. Seems like a different set of thoughts.
```suggestion
When a snapshot is deleted from a repository, {es} deletes all files associated with the
snapshot that are not in-use by other snapshots.

If the delete snapshot operation starts while the snapshot is being
```

> snapshot and not used by any other snapshots. If the deleted snapshot operation is started while the snapshot is being

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
snapshot and not used by any other snapshots. If the delete snapshot operation is started while the snapshot is being
```

> created, the snapshot process halts and all files created as part of the snapshotting process are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created, the snapshot process halts and all files created as part of the process are
```

> removed. Use the <<delete-snapshot-api,Delete snapshot API>> to cancel long running snapshot operations that were

Reviewer: The second link seems redundant. I also think your `Use the...` sentence probably belongs before the proceeding one.
```suggestion
removed. Use the delete snapshot API to cancel long running snapshot operations that were
```

started by mistake.

To delete multiple snapshots from a repository, separate snapshot names by commas or use wildcards:

[source,console]
-----------------------------------
DELETE /_snapshot/my_backup/snapshot_2,snapshot_3
DELETE /_snapshot/my_backup/snap*

> -----------------------------------

Reviewer: Wildcards and comma-separated values aren't mutually exclusive. `snapshot*,my_other_snapshot*` is valid. However, you could interpret this section that way.

I'd reword and maybe add an example of two comma-separated wildcard expressions.
